In this lecture, we will run and test the product service before we do that, go to the application
dot properties and add a server port property server
dot port is equal to 1990 because by default it will start on 8080.
We already have the coupon service running on 8080, so we don't want any conflicts.
So we are going to run this on 9090.
Right click run as Springboot app.
That will start the server in the meantime, you can go to Posman, open up a new tab, and the end
point we want to test in the product rest controller is create the url is product API slash product so
you can grab the previously urls from the coupon service, come back paste it, change the method from
get to post the url instead of coupon API.
It is a product API slash products.
That's the url.
We are adding a new product to the collection of products.
Click on Body click on raw change this from text to Jason.
Open up the flower bracket within that.
If you go to the product model we need to pass a name, description and price.
So name within double quotes name of the product Colon within double quotes iPhone ,
Next we have a description and then the price description.
Is awesome, at least for a few people, but a lot of people description then the price of iPhone,
which is very expensive in some cases, price Colen say thousand bucks.
We take this to the end, there we go, so we have given the name description and the price hit send.
The port number should be changed, so 8080 is not the correct port number for product service, it
should be 1990.
So do change that hit send, there we go, 200.
OK, is the response.
And you see Id name, description and price so a new record should have been created in the product
table as well
If we execute select on the product table, that's to select right there select start from product.
Execute that guy.
There we go.
So we have a database record, so the only API here is creation of product and it works successfully.